# SyncMLLab
use SyncML on iOS.

Copyright Notice
Copyright (c) Ericsson, IBM, Lotus, Matsushita Communication Industrial Co., Ltd., Motorola, Nokia, Openwave, Palm, Psion, Starfish Software, Symbian, and others (2000- 2002). All Rights Reserved.
Implementation of all or part of any Specification may require licenses under third party intellectual property rights, including without limitation, patent rights (such a third party may or may not be a Supporter). The Sponsors of the Specification are not responsible and shall not be held responsible in any manner for identifying or failing to identify any or all such third party intellectual property rights.
THIS DOCUMENT AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND ERICSSON, IBM, LOTUS, MATSUSHITA COMMUNICATION INDUSTRIAL CO., LTD., MOTOROLA, NOKIA, OPENWAVE, PALM, PSION, STARFISH SOFTWARE, SYMBIAN AND ALL OTHER SYNCML SPONSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL ERICSSON, IBM, LOTUS, MATSUSHITA COMMUNICATION INDUSTRIAL CO. LTD., MOTOROLA, NOKIA, OPENWAVE, PALM, PSION, STARFISH SOFTWARE, SYMBIAN OR ANY OTHER SYNCML SPONSOR BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF USE OF DATA, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.
The above notice and this paragraph must be included on all copies of this document that are made.
Attention is called to the possibility that implementation of this specification may require use of subject matter covered by patent rights. By publication of this specification, no position is taken with respect to the existence or validity of any patent rights in connection therewith. The SyncML Initiative is not responsible for identifying patents having necessary claims for which a license may be required by a SyncML Initiative specification or for conducting inquiries into the legal validity or scope of those patents that are brought to its attention.
A patent/application owner has filed a statement of assurance that it will grant licenses under these rights without compensation or under reasonable rates and nondiscriminatory, reasonable terms and conditions to all applicants desiring to obtain such licenses. The SyncML Initiative makes no representation as to the reasonableness of rates and/or terms and conditions of the license agreements offered by patent/application owners. Further information may be obtained from the SyncML Initiative Executive Director.
